libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMA1_MIX.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMC2_CHARGE.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMC2_FLUSH.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMC2_ISOLATE.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMC2_SETUP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMC3_FLUSH.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMC3_ISOLATE.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMC3_SETUP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMM1_MEASURE.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMM1_TARE.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMT1_DRAIN.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMV2_PULSE.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMX1_SETUP_CIPSIP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMX1_SETUP_FILTER.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMX2_ISOLATE.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMX2_SETUP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMX4_SIP_PULSE.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMX6_FILTER_BLEED.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMX6_SETUP_CIP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propPH_EMX6_SETUP_SIP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propRP_PCMX_CIPSIP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propRP_PCMX_FILL.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propRP_PCMX_FILTER.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propRP_PCMX_MAKE.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propRP_PCSY_CIPSIP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propRP_PCSY_FILL.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_MX_CIP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_MX_FILL.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_MX_FILTER.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_MX_MAKE.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_MX_SETUP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_MX_SIP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_SY_CIP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_SY_FILL.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_SY_FILTER.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_SY_SETUP.sss
libreoffice --convert-to pdf:writer_pdf_Export --outdir /home/dpaspa/MEGA/Business/Synertec/MPI.SMS/automation/code/output/hmi/sequence/sss propUO_SY_SIP.sss
